WRN-12697: Cross-Platform Enact Android/iOS: BodyText - font size should change for rtl locale (#1134)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/BodyText` size when RTL locale is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/BodyText` font-size for size `small` and RTL locale
```
